
Frame the problem and look at the big picture
1. Define the objective in business terms.
   Goal of this project is to forecast the sales price of a house, based on the household data. The house is not sold
   for a too low price nor is the price too high, that the house will never be sold.
2. How will your solution be used?
   The solution could be implemented in an website, that everyone can estimate the best sales price for their property.
3. What are the current solutions/workarounds (if any)?
4. How should you frame this problem (supervised/unsupervised, online/offline, etc.)?
   This is an superviced regression problem.
5. How sould performance be measured?
   The performance should be measured in R2.
6. Is the performance measure aligned with the business objective?
7. What would be the minimum performance needed to reach the business objective?
8. What are comparable problems? Can you reuse experience or tools?
9. Is human expertise available?
10. How would you solve the problem manually?
11. List the assumptions you (or others) have made so far.
12. Verify assumptions if possible.


Get the data
Note: Automate as much as possible so you can easily get fresh data.
1. List the data you need and how much you need.
2. Find and document where you can get that data.
3. Check how much space it will take.
4. Check legal obligations, and get authorization if necessary.
5. Get access authorizations.
6. Create a workspace (with enough storage space).
7. Get the data.
8. Convert the data to a format you can easily manipulate (without changing
9. Ensure sensitive information is deleted or protected (e.g., anonymized).
10. Check the size and type of data (time series, sample, geographical, etc.).
11. Sample a test set, put it aside, and never look at it (no data snooping!)


Explore the data
Note: try to get insights from a field expert for these steps.
• Create a copy of the data for exploration (sampling it down to a manageable size if necessary).
• Create a Jupyter notebook to keep a record of your data exploration.
  See 01_HousePrice_VX.ipynb
• For supervised learning tasks, identify the target attribute(s).
  The target attribute: Index(['SalePrice'], dtype='object')
• Study how you would solve the problem manually.
• Identify extra data that would be useful.
• Document what you have learned.